feat(curriculum): add Artifact Provenance Auditor workshop (#68860)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-artifact-provenance-auditor/6a57c331ae94fa4631b60865.md

---
id: 6a57c331ae94fa4631b60865
title: Step 6
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-6
---

# --description--

Because `collection` is keyed by id, you can look up any artifact with a variable in the square brackets: `collection[id]`.

> Create a function named `getArtifactTitle` with a parameter `id`. Use `collection[id]` to get the artifact, store it in a variable named `artifact`, and return `artifact.title`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a function named `getArtifactTitle` that takes an `id` parameter. Use `collection[id]` to get the artifact, store it in a variable named `artifact`, and return `artifact.title`.
```

---
id: 6a57c331ae94fa4631b60865
title: Step 6
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-6
---

# --description--

Looking artifacts up by position is fragile. It is better to find them by `id`. The `find` method returns the first array element for which the test function returns `true`.

Create a function named `getArtifactTitle` with a parameter named `id`. Inside it, use `collection.find` to get the artifact whose `id` matches the parameter, store it in a variable named `artifact`, and return `artifact.title`.

# --hints--

You should have a function named `getArtifactTitle` with a parameter named `id`.

```js
assert.isFunction(getArtifactTitle);
const regex = __helpers.functionRegex('getArtifactTitle', ['id']);

> assert.match(__helpers.removeJSComments(code), regex);

Reviewer: You can replace this with AST helpers. Please refer to the [AST Helpers documentation.](https://contribute.freecodecamp.org/curriculum-help/#typescript-helpers).

```

`getArtifactTitle` should use `collection.find` to look up the artifact.

```js

> assert.match(__helpers.removeJSComments(code), /collection\s*\.\s*find\s*\(/);

Reviewer: You can replace this regex with AST helpers. Please refer to the [AST Helpers documentation.](https://contribute.freecodecamp.org/curriculum-help/#typescript-helpers).
